if you want to open packs or own a team
like this then go and get your coins
from UT coins for you down in the
description and it's an automated coin
delivery service and use code cap gun
for five percent off at checkout you're
right guys is capping on Tom here and
welcome to episode number 38 of the
rotor rayona let's kick things off by
going into our trade pile everything we
bought in the last episode has sold the
two ridge wells are still hanging about
though just not selling why would they
just sell really really frustrating but
anyway you can see the most important
two things that we sold were the second
inform royce made about 40k on him I
think and then the DEMA Rio we made over
120 k profit on that card which is
absolutely insane you can actually see
we're already back up to 2.2 37 million
coins which is how much we were at at
the start of the last episode but we
also signed team of the season Pepe so
you can see how much profit we made in
that last episode enough to actually
afford the upgrade from the regular
inform Pepe to the team of the season
one absolutely insane trading very happy
on that front now we're in division 1
we've won all of our first four games
let's continue it on today I want to
make sure that we win the title we've
got a great start we've got a great base
to start up on and there's no excuses
we're not winning anyway our first
opponent is using a pretty decent lookin
hybrid team you know it's got some of
the bundesliga in there it's got some
Syria and it's quite overpowered as well
now we managed to take the lead I ended
up putting our team into a 4 4 2
formation with bail out at left mid and
it really worked putting bail at left
mid you can see that we actually managed
to score one with him early on and then
we get across in with him that Benzema
converts to make it to know when I was
like this is really easy i was on cruise
control at this point and then i made a
horrible mistake with sergio ramos
passing it out and his man just makes
the inception I keep doing that with my
defenders I don't know what is wrong
with me I keep making horrible mistakes
like that and yeah it costs me because I
was like on cruise control just before
half-time and then within five seconds
we're back at 22 and all that work in
the first half is gone now I managed to
score lovely gold from Ronaldo they're
good over the top ball from Benzema as
well but unfortunately my defense again
messes up and we end up conceding and it
goes 330 it's not happy and then we go
down we go behind after being
so comfortable at the start it's now 43
I was like what is going on fortunately
for me in the 90th minute you can see
here good over the top bull Ronaldo
actually tries to head that one in but
mrs. and the Benzema just smashes it I
was I thank God we managed to get a draw
out of it but you know one point is not
as good as three we should have been
leaving that game with three points not
only coming away just by the skin of our
teeth with one anyway here's the stats
of the players you can see that Ronaldo
has 60 70 s only year what is it like
seven goals behind Tesei Rodriguez now
but he's played like twice as many games
so that's just showing like nothing but
then again of course we played with Jose
Rodriguez and the really low divisions
against bronze team and we absolutely
crushed it with him you can also see the
assists of all the players you want to
you and I go back and pause it whatever
feel free to do so and now we're going
to dive into our next game so the next
game is against a full 12 12 BP outside
he's got transferred Sanchez in there
the first well the non upgraded hazard
he's got a tow and storage up front I
really struggle against 80 every time I
play him he is a nightmare and I know
why because I've used him and I know how
good he is anyway we score a lovely goal
here and just pulling it back to I think
it was Benzema there who ends up putting
into battle net with the bail passing it
right out to him either that or crew so
I usually tell players by their boots
and that's how I know players apart is
by what color boots they were and you
know crusin bail where the same boots
unfortunately we can see the kind of a
scrubby goal like it bounced out from a
corner and like hit on the volley or
something but you know it went in the
back the net and then 11 pretty stale
going to be honest and more points
dropped that we should not be dropping
where was the form from the last episode
it's gone out of the window and we're
now like looking that we might not win
the division which is terrible to be
honest we have though been we are now
safe from relegation which is always
good thing now we've done a training
session first one we got with Lukaku
that we listed up we've also got
socrates here that we bought 265
listening for 295 15k profit big signing
absolutely enormous signing we bought
this robin for 1.4 million coins we're
going to list it up for 2.3 million
coins it was a bit of a gamble listening
up so much but we're going to see if it
sells because they were like you know
the high-value players are quite
rare on the market at the moment and
they sort of vary in price a lot I was
like you know what I might just get 2.3
for this it was bit of a risk because he
could drop down in price and but I'm up
for 2.3 and we're going to have to wait
and see what happens we also got a
moreno here that we picked up for 231
listing up to 67 for another 15 20 k
profit after tax so here we go we're
going to dive into our final game
fingers cross without robin sales
because if we do sell that Robin you
know that we're making a heck a little
profit that's 700 k before tax and after
tax we're talking like 550 k profit
unbelievable stuff anyway the team would
come up against is a skill to Brazilian
skill team and I hate paying at skill is
always find it very difficult to predict
where they're going obviously that's the
point of being a skiller and being able
to dribble button we managed to take the
lead in fact we went to New up first
goal was from Ronaldo second goal was
from Benjamin it was easy again on
cruise control just before half-time
though this happens I was like don't
make a mistake and carve out does that I
was like you know what I tried to clear
that I click the words at the B button
on the context box or the circle button
on the PS just to clear it completely
messes up and then I'm just kicking him
I was like what and that was just my
luck in this episode because things just
you know we're not working out how they
should unfortunately we go and it goes
to one we do make it 3-1 though so I was
pretty happy just after halftime Ronaldo
making the goal there but then he came
back and it was just such an easy ball
was just such an easy boy I don't know
where Pepe was not making himself
marking his man and we end up conceding
and then again we're drawing I was like
weary we were in cruise control we would
like easily gonna win this game and then
out of nowhere he does probably one of
the most impressive skill runs I've ever
seen like I think he not made Sergio
Ramos with them what's a hilltop I was
like what's on earth but again we
managed to save it in the last couple of
minutes we've Benzema going through and
the game ends 44 I was like oh my god
when are we going to get a win we should
have been walking away with 3 w's
they're not three drawers and yeah we
end our episode with three drawers on
the board 15 points we can still win the
division though if we manage to win two
of our remaining games that will give us
six actually we know you have to win all
three of our remaining games to actually
win the title so our work has really cut
out for us hopefully we'll do in the
next
so guys I hope you've enjoyed this will
make sure you smash the like button
subscribe to view and I will see you all
next time